SILVERBALL 2
------------
Silverball 2 is the follow up to Silverball, a pinball simulator, that also contains an
editor in which you can design your own tables, having full control of all aspects of the
game from the number of flippers, pins, bumpers, runovers and the physical environment
the pinball table operates in. Up to four players can play the game in turns.
Highscores and names are saved to disc.

ATTRACT MODE
------------
Initially the game will scroll up and down the table bringing the highscore table
in and out of view with a bouncing text header containing game production information.

MAIN KEYS
---------
ESC - return to main screen from anywhere in the game
F1  - play game
F2  - enter editor
F3  - pause/release
F4  - mouse/keyboard
F6  - sound off/on
F7  - volume up
F8  - volume down
F9  - mouse sensitivity up
F10 - mouse sensitivity down
F11 - number of players, from 1 to 4
F12 - quit, requires Y/N confirmation to return to the desktop

In this description for the mouse buttons:-

Select - left hand button
Menu   - middle button
Adjust - right hand button

MOUSE
-----
Select - left flipper(s), hold to keep flipper up
Menu   - fire ball, press and release at the required power
Adjust - right flipper(s), hold to keep flipper up

SPACE  - tilt the table when you want the ball to change direction to your
         advantage, if too much then the table will tilt and flippers will be dead
         to allow the ball to exit play

TABLE DESIGN
------------
When in the editor a horizontal panel with a number of animated icons are displayed
with informational rows.

As you edit the table this may be flipped from top to bottom and vice-versa by pressing
the Menu button in order that all parts of the table can be accessed to place objects.

ICON DESCRIPTIONS
-----------------
GREEN TICK
----------
Pull up a table controlling properties of the table, click on tick boxes or
up/down icons to change values.

(1) Grid. A grid to align objects while placing them on the table.

(2) Table scroll. Scroll the table up and down while playing or keep it static.

(3) Balls. The number of balls per game, use left/right arrows to increase the digits.

(4) Backdrop. Use left arrow to select one of four available table backdrops.

(5) Default. Reset the table values to their default.

DISC IN
-------
Load table, type in the file name at the prompt in the editor panel and press Return.

DISC OUT
--------
Save table, type in the file name at the prompt in the editor panel and press Return.

FOLDER
------
Catalogue table names saved on disc.

TABLE
-----
Clear table of all objects.

GREEN ARROW
-----------
Clear all table of the currently named object in the editor panel.

HORIZONTAL ARROWS
-----------------
Use Select and Adjust to go through the table parts available. Briefly click with Select
to see where the object will be placed, longer click to place on the table. Object placement
by adjacent objects is to pixel level. Flippers have a red box around them in which no
objects can be placed to accomodate their movement during the game. Click Adjust when over
an object to remove from the table.

VERTICAL ARROWS
---------------
Use Select and Adjust to scroll up and down the table to position pieces.

TABLE PHYSICAL PROPERTIES
-------------------------
There are five separate sliders controlling the physical properties of the table.
Simply click on at the required position from off to full on or Select, hold the button
down and drag.

GRAVITY   - gravity strength from weak to strong
VISCOSITY - the medium thickness the ball moves through
PIN       - pin power when ball hits it
FLIPPER   - flipper power when hitting ball
TILT      - sensitivity of the table to tilting
